Q.11 STAR METHOD: 
Tips: 
Focus on actual behaviours and outcomes 
Pause and ask for feedback 
Share Data 
Bring notes 

Q.12 LP's 
Customer Obsession:
Leaders start with the customer and work backward, prioritizing their needs and experience. 
Ownership:
Leaders act like owners, taking responsibility for their work and thinking long-term. 
Invent and Simplify:
Leaders are expected to innovate and find ways to make things more efficient. 
Are Right, A Lot:
Leaders are expected to have good judgment and make sound decisions, even with limited information. 
Learn and Be Curious:
Leaders are lifelong learners who are always seeking to improve themselves and their knowledge. 
Hire and Develop the Best:
Leaders prioritize finding and developing talented individuals who can contribute to the company's success. 
Insist on the Highest Standards:
Leaders set high expectations and push for continuous improvement. 
Think Big:
Leaders are encouraged to have ambitious goals and pursue transformative change. 
Bias for Action:
Leaders are expected to make decisions and take action quickly, even with incomplete information. 
Frugality:
Leaders find ways to accomplish more with less, optimizing resources and minimizing waste. 
Earn Trust:
Leaders build trust through open communication, active listening, and respectful interactions. 
Dive Deep:
Leaders have a deep understanding of their business and their customers. 
Have Backbone; Disagree and Commit:
Leaders are encouraged to voice their opinions and challenge decisions, but ultimately commit to the final decision. 
Deliver Results:
Leaders are held accountable for delivering results and achieving their goals. 
Strive to be Earth's Best Employer:
Leaders work to create a positive and inclusive work environment. 
Success and Scale Bring Broad Responsibility:
Leaders recognize the impact of their decisions and act with a sense of responsibility towards customers, employees, partners, and the world at large. 

Q.13 
Invent and Simplify: 
“Tell me about a time when you came up with a simpler or more efficient way to do something at work. How did you identify the opportunity, and what was the result?”
LCV and HCV dashboard using Google Sheets API 

Deep Dive: 
“Tell me about a time when you had to dive deep to identify a problem or opportunity. What did you find, and how did you act on it?”
Capped and Estimated Demand in the Consolidated Report. 

Deliver Results: 
"Tell me about a time when you had to meet a challenging goal or deadline. How did you ensure you delivered the expected results?"
Product Profile redesign based on store not only products. 

Customer Obession:
"Tell me about a time when you worked to improve the customer experience. What did you do, and what was the impact?"
Automated Email Looker Studio Report that provides daily email summary. 

Bias for Action: 
“Tell me about a time when you took quick action on a problem or decision without having all the information. What did you do, and what was the outcome?”
Supersession Upload storage in the GCS bucket, able to increase in time resolution tickets to 10% 

Learn and Be Curious: 
"Tell me about a time you had to learn something new to complete a task or project. Why did you take that initiative, and what was the result?"
Safety stock analysis where i learnt how can demand and lead time variations can affect the impact on safety stock. 

Insist on the Highest Standards
“Tell me about a time when you saw a work deliverable or process that didn’t meet expectations. What did you do?”
I saw that the both the child plans and parent plan allocations are showing up on the VPA which was causing duplicates in the total allocated qty. 

Think Big: 
"Tell me about a time when you proposed a bold idea or long-term solution. What was your vision, and how did you make it happen?"
New store setup where the edits were not taken into consideration. Also the seeding was not happening real time till the open date. 

Earn Trust: 
"Tell me about a time when you had to rebuild trust with a colleague or stakeholder. What caused the issue, and how did you resolve it?"

Have Backbone; Disagree and Commit: 
“Tell me about a time you strongly disagreed with a decision or proposal. What did you do, and what was the outcome?”
Paras wanted me to show the daily parters who are getting onboarded on the one of the partner dashboard. I disagree with it saying that the data 
is already available in terms of count of daily onboarded partner so need to make add it. 
