Round 1
1) What is Full Outer Join? 
2) What are CTE's? 

Round 2 
1) What is the difference between View and Materialized-View? 
Views
Tuples of the views are computed every time when the view is accessed.
It does not have any storage cost associated with it.
It does not have any updation cost associated with it.
Views are useful when the view is accessed infrequently.

Materialized Views
Materialized views are not computed every time as the tuples are stored in the database system.
It does have any storage cost associated with it.
It does have any updation cost associated with it.
Materialized views are efficient when the view is accessed frequently as it saves the computation time by storing the results before hand.


2) Difference between cte and temp table? 
Temp Tables are physically created in the tempdb database. These tables act as the normal table and also can have constraints, an index like normal tables.
CTE is a named temporary result set which is used to manipulate the complex sub-queries data. 
This exists for the scope of a statement. This is created in memory rather than the Tempdb database. You cannot create an index on CTE.
It is a temporary result set and typically it may be a result of complex sub-query. Unlike the temporary table, its life is limited to the current query. 

CTE's: 
It is a temporary result set and typically it may be a result of complex sub-query. Unlike the temporary table, its life is limited to the current query.

Temp Tables
In SQL Server, temporary tables are created at run-time and you can do all the operations which you can do on a normal table

Table Variable 
This acts like a variable and exists for a particular batch of query execution. It gets dropped once it comes out of the batch. This is also created in the tempdb database but not the memory. 
This also allows you to create a primary key, identity at the time of Table variable declaration but not non-clustered index.
This is also created in the tempdb database but not the memory.

3) Difference between Union and Union All? 
4) Left join is Applied between two tables? Tell me the values in Col1 and Col2 
5) Write a Query to output all the duplicate entries in a table? 
6) Write a Query to output 3rd highest salary from Emp table ? 
7) Write a Query to Update Ankita's Salary with Rahul's salary? 
8) Write a Query to get even Emp_id value employees? 
9) What is Indexing in SQL? 
10) What are clustered and non-clustered Index? 
Clustered Index: 
Whenever you apply clustered indexing in a table, it will perform sorting in that table only. 
You can create only one clustered index in a table like a primary key.
A clustered index is as same as a dictionary where the data is arranged in alphabetical order. 
In a clustered index, the index contains a pointer to block but not direct data. 
If you apply the primary key to any column, then automatically it will become a clustered index. 

Non-Clustered Index: 
Similar to the index of a book. 
The data is stored in one place, and the index is stored in another place.
Can have multiple non-clustered indexes in a table. 

CREATE NONCLUSTERED INDEX NIX_FTE_Name
ON Student (Name ASC);

Clustered Index: 
A clustered index is faster.
The clustered index requires less memory for operations.
In a clustered index, the clustered index is the main data.
A table can have only one clustered index.
The clustered index has the inherent ability to store data on the disk.
A Clustered index is a type of index in which table records are physically reordered to match the index.

Non-Clustered Index: 
A non-clustered index is slower.
A non-Clustered index requires more memory for operations.
In the Non-Clustered index, the index is the copy of data.
A table can have multiple non-clustered indexes.
A non-Clustered index does not have the inherent ability to store data on the disk.
A Non-Clustered index is a special type of index in which the logical order of the index does not match the physical stored order of the rows on the disk.

11) Name the different types of Constraints? 



